Platform attributes: optimize wording and format (#305)
cncf/tag-app-delivery: platforms-whitepaper/v1alpha1/paper.md

## Attributes of platforms

After defining what a platform is and why an organization might want to build one,
it's relevant to identify what are the key attributes that affect the success

> of a platform.

Author: I have updated that paragraph as suggested.

1. **Platform as a product**. A platform exists to serve the requirements of its users
   and it should be designed and evolved based on those requirements, similar to any
   other software products.
1. **Common requirements**. A platform should provide the necessary capabilities to

>    support the most common use cases across stream-aligned teams, and prioritize those

Reviewer: > stream-aligned teams

Do we define this anywhere? I love Team Topologies, but this is not a globally known concept (yet!).

*Note: Of course this is a question for the paper and not this specific PR, just want to call attention as I spotted it here!

Reviewer 2: Do we feel that the wording is so self-explanatory that we could use it even if the reader doesn't know Team Topologies?

Author: Good point! I wasn't sure about this, and then I saw we were adding the definition in https://github.com/cncf/tag-app-delivery/pull/298/files and went with "stream-aligned teams". But I agree that "product teams" would be better in this context since it's more self-explanatory. I'll change that.

Author: I have replaced "stream-aligned teams" with "product teams".

   over more specific capabilities that are only used by a single team to maximize
   the value delivered.
1. **User experience**. A platform should offer its capabilities through consistent
   interfaces and focus on the user experience. Users should be able to request, manage,
   and observe such capabilities using a combination of GUIs, APIs, command-line tools,

>    IDEs integrations, and portals, depending on their needs. For example, a platform

Reviewer: > Users should be able to request, manage,
> and observe such capabilities using a combination of GUIs, APIs, command-line tools,
> IDEs integrations, and portals, depending on their needs

This seems to challenge our points about thinnest viable platform, though I think the intention is spot on. I wonder we can shorten to just the first sentence? Or if we can some how couch the remaining explanation as a bigger endeavour than some platforms need?

Reviewer 2: I agree. I think the first sentence is enough to get the point across, while listing everything one could build for a better DX can quickly become bloated.

Author: Should I keep the first sentence, remove the second one, and then leave the example? Or would you prefer leaving the example off as well?

Reviewer: I think the last sentence is great where it brings to life the concept of meeting platform users where they are. Maybe a trimmed down version would be:

> 1. **User experience**. A platform should offer its capabilities through consistent
   interfaces and focus on the user experience. Platforms should endeavor to meet their users where they are which may mean different interfaces such as IDEs; command-line tools, chat bots, or web portals.

Reviewer 3: +1 to the change and something like Abby's refactor, but Abby I'm not sure if you're suggesting removing the following sentence with an example or not? I'm okay with keeping it, it gives a bit of color; but okay with removing it too if we feel it's repetitive.

Author: I have rephrased the paragraph based on your suggestions. What do you think?

Reviewer: love it Thomas!

   typically offers the capability of deploying an application. Developers might consume
   such a capability via the IDE; testers might use a command-line tool, whereas a product
   owner might use a GUI-based web portal.
1. **Documentation and onboarding**. Documentation is a key aspect of a successful software
   product. To be able to use a platform's offerings, users require documentation and
   examples. A platform should be delivered with proper documentation addressing the
   needs of its users. It should also provide tools to accelerate the onboarding of new projects
   that can help users consume the necessary platform services in a quick and simple way.
   For example, the platform could offer a reusable supply chain workflow for building, scanning,
   testing, deploying, and observing a web application on Kubernetes. Such a workflow could be
   offered with an initial project template and documentation, a bundle often described
   as a golden path.
1. **Self-service**. A platform should be self-serviceable. Users must be able to request and
   receive capabilities autonomously and automatically. This property is key to allowing a platform

>    team to enable multiple stream-aligned teams at scale. The platform capabilities should be

Reviewer: This sentence sounds a bit repetitive as is. With this edit I am trying to highlight the difference of handling current needs and scaling in the future.

```suggestion
   team to enable multiple stream-aligned teams and scale as needed. The platform capabilities should be
```
